#summary README before running EzSmugDel

Now, EzSmugDel supports Win32 platforms!!! 

 
For those who don't want to manually install Perl packages, standalone executable binary code is provided in the download page.

Please download both the binary file and "setting.cnf". Put the two file in the same directory to run.

EzSmugDel is a Perl script. It depends on several perl packages.
Here is the list of packages you should install before running EzSmugDel:

Perl packages required: 

 WWW::SmugMug::API

 LWP

 Data::Dumper

 Encode

Also, since EzSmugDel uses HTTPS to send request you should install related packages for SSL (such as Crypt::SSLeay)

How to run this script:

1. Right click the download link of the  download page , choose "Save Target As" then save the two files (esdxxx_xxx.pl and setting.cnf) to your local disk.
 
2. Change the permission of the script to be executable (only for Unix version):
 
    chmod 755 esdxxx_xxx.pl
 
3. Edit "setting.cnf" and find the "EmailAddress" and "Password" in the file. Fill in your SmugMug account and password. Save and exit. For example,

    EmailAddress => ezsmugup@ezsmugup.com

    Password => IloveSmugMug

    No SmugMug account? Sign up here for free!

4. Now you can run EzSmugDel. Remember to add category/subcategory/album names as the argument. For example,
 
    A. Delete entire category

       (Unix) ./esdunix_xxx.pl "My Category"

    (Unix binary) ./esdunix_xxx "My Category" 

    (Windows)  esdwin32_xxx "My Category"

    B. Delete entire subcategory

    (Unix) ./esdunix_xxx.pl "My Category" "My SubCategory"

    (Unix binary) ./esdunix_xxx "My Category" "My SubCategory"

    (Windows) esdwin32_xxx "My Category" "My SubCategory"

    C. Delete multiple albums ( in the same category/subcategory tree )

    (Unix) ./esdunix_xxx.pl "Category" "SubCategory" "Album1" "Album2" "Album3" ......

    (Unix binary) ./esdunix_xxx "Category" "SubCategory" "Album1" "Album2" "Album3" ......

    (Windows) esdwin32_xxx "Category" "SubCategory" "Album1" "Album2" "Album3" ......


 
5. Enjoy it!!!! 

Please leave a comment here if this list should be revised. Thanks!! 